README.md, before:

# PHPUnit Test Reporter #
**Contributors:** [octalmage](https://profiles.wordpress.org/octalmage), [danielbachhuber](https://profiles.wordpress.org/danielbachhuber), [wpamitkumar](https://profiles.wordpress.org/wpamitkumar), [mikeschroder](https://profiles.wordpress.org/mikeschroder), [pfefferle](https://profiles.wordpress.org/pfefferle)  
**Tags:** phpunit  
**Requires at least:** 4.7  
**Tested up to:** 5.5  
**Stable tag:** 0.1.3  
**License:** GPLv3  
**License URI:** http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html  

Captures and displays test results from the PHPUnit Test Runner

## Description ##

Captures and displays test results from the [PHPUnit Test Runner](https://github.com/WordPress/phpunit-test-runner).

For more details, [please read through the project overview](https://make.wordpress.org/hosting/test-results-getting-started/).

## Contributing ##

There’s a Docker environment with several tools built in for testing.
To configure it, run `make` and it will automatically run `docker-compose`.
After that, to view the test environment, visit http://localhost:8080.

Usage:
- `make` or `make start`:  Builds a Docker environment for testing.
- `make stop`: Stops Docker test environment.
- `make shell`: SSH to Docker test environment.
- `make test`: Runs `php-unit` and `phpcs` in Docker test environment.

There is also a [Grunt](https://gruntjs.com/) command for updating the `README.md` file for Github
after updating `readme.txt`.

Usage:
- `npm install`: Installs necessary dependencies.
- `grunt readme`: Generates `README.md` with
  `[grunt-wp-readme-to-markdown](https://github.com/stephenharris/wp-readme-to-markdown)`.

## Changelog ##

### 0.1.0 (August 21st, 2017) ###
* Initial release.

### 0.1.1 (May 12th, 2020) ###
* Updates for coding standards.
* Update local and Travis CI builds.
* Reduce number of revisions in index, while increasing max reporters shown.
* Add contributor documentation.

### 0.1.2 (May 18th, 2020) ###
* Only report result status when tests were actually run. Port of
  [meta #7227](https://meta.trac.wordpress.org/changeset/7227) to plugin.
* Upgrade packages for `grunt readme` to Grunt ^1.1.0 and
  grunt-wp-readme-to-markdown ^2.0.1, and update plugin version in `package.json`.
* Upgrade Docker environment to use `wordpress:5.4.1-php7.4` image.
* Correct contributor list in `readme.txt` and update `README.md`.

### 0.1.3 (September 23th, 2020) ###
* Include errors along with failures on the error report page ([PR](https://github.com/WordPress/phpunit-test-reporter/pull/84)).
* Change to `integer` built-in type for `commit` field, following updates in WordPress 5.5.

Commit message:

Add `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md` and `CONTRIBUTING.md`
Adds initial Code of Conduct and Contributing files, along
with minor changes in the readme files for linking and readability.

Code of Conduct based on https://github.com/WordPress/hosting-handbook/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
Contributing file based on https://github.com/WordPress/wpdev-docker-images/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md

README.md, after:

# PHPUnit Test Reporter #
**Contributors:** [octalmage](https://profiles.wordpress.org/octalmage), [danielbachhuber](https://profiles.wordpress.org/danielbachhuber), [wpamitkumar](https://profiles.wordpress.org/wpamitkumar), [mikeschroder](https://profiles.wordpress.org/mikeschroder), [pfefferle](https://profiles.wordpress.org/pfefferle)  
**Tags:** phpunit  
**Requires at least:** 4.7  
**Tested up to:** 5.5  
**Stable tag:** 0.1.3  
**License:** GPLv3  
**License URI:** http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html  

Captures and displays test results from the PHPUnit Test Runner

## Description ##

Captures and displays test results from the [PHPUnit Test Runner](https://github.com/WordPress/phpunit-test-runner).

This is the plugin that receives and generates the results displayed on https://make.wordpress.org/hosting/test-results.

For more details, [please read through the project overview](https://make.wordpress.org/hosting/test-results-getting-started/).

## Contributing ##

Contributors are welcome!
Check out the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/WordPress/phpunit-test-reporter/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details, including how to use the build/testing tools.

## Changelog ##

### 0.1.0 (August 21st, 2017) ###
* Initial release.

### 0.1.1 (May 12th, 2020) ###
* Updates for coding standards.
* Update local and Travis CI builds.
* Reduce number of revisions in index, while increasing max reporters shown.
* Add contributor documentation.

### 0.1.2 (May 18th, 2020) ###
* Only report result status when tests were actually run. Port of
  [meta #7227](https://meta.trac.wordpress.org/changeset/7227) to plugin.
* Upgrade packages for `grunt readme` to Grunt ^1.1.0 and
  grunt-wp-readme-to-markdown ^2.0.1, and update plugin version in `package.json`.
* Upgrade Docker environment to use `wordpress:5.4.1-php7.4` image.
* Correct contributor list in `readme.txt` and update `README.md`.

### 0.1.3 (September 23th, 2020) ###
* Include errors along with failures on the error report page ([PR](https://github.com/WordPress/phpunit-test-reporter/pull/84)).
* Change to `integer` built-in type for `commit` field, following updates in WordPress 5.5.
